org/openbot/server/ServerListener.java
 org.openbot.server.ServerListener
org/openbot/utils/MovingAverage.java
 org.openbot.utils.MovingAverage
org/openbot/common/CameraFragment.java
 org.openbot.common.CameraFragment
org/openbot/robot/FreeRoamFragment.java
 org.openbot.robot.FreeRoamFragment
 org.openbot.robot.FreeRoamFragment$1
org/openbot/tflite/AutopilotFloat.java
 org.openbot.tflite.AutopilotFloat
org/openbot/utils/PermissionUtils.java
 org.openbot.utils.PermissionUtils
org/openbot/utils/FileUtils.java
 org.openbot.utils.FileUtils
 org.openbot.utils.FileUtils$1
 org.openbot.utils.FileUtils$2
org/openbot/server/NsdService.java
 org.openbot.server.NsdService
 org.openbot.server.NsdService$1
org/openbot/env/AudioPlayer.java
 org.openbot.env.AudioPlayer
 org.openbot.env.AudioPlayer$1
org/openbot/logging/LogDataUtils.java
 org.openbot.logging.LogDataUtils
org/openbot/databinding/LayoutBottomSheetBinding.java
 org.openbot.databinding.LayoutBottomSheetBinding
org/openbot/env/GameController.java
 org.openbot.env.GameController
 org.openbot.env.GameController$1
org/openbot/env/PhoneController.java
 org.openbot.env.PhoneController
 org.openbot.env.PhoneController$DataReceived
org/openbot/vehicle/Noise.java
 org.openbot.vehicle.Noise
org/openbot/logging/LoggerFragment.java
 org.openbot.logging.LoggerFragment
 org.openbot.logging.LoggerFragment$1
 org.openbot.logging.LoggerFragment$2
 org.openbot.logging.LoggerFragment$3
org/openbot/main/CategoryAdapter.java
 org.openbot.main.CategoryAdapter
 org.openbot.main.CategoryAdapter$ViewHolder
org/openbot/databinding/FragmentFreeRoamBinding.java
 org.openbot.databinding.FragmentFreeRoamBinding
org/openbot/tflite/Network.java
 org.openbot.tflite.Network
 org.openbot.tflite.Network$1
 org.openbot.tflite.Network$Device
org/openbot/tracking/MultiBoxTracker.java
 org.openbot.tracking.MultiBoxTracker
 org.openbot.tracking.MultiBoxTracker$1
 org.openbot.tracking.MultiBoxTracker$TrackedRecognition
org/openbot/utils/CameraUtils.java
 org.openbot.utils.CameraUtils
 org.openbot.utils.CameraUtils$CompareSizesByArea
org/openbot/customview/WebRTCSurfaceView.java
 org.openbot.customview.WebRTCSurfaceView
org/openbot/env/Logger.java
 org.openbot.env.Logger
org/openbot/databinding/ActivityCameraBinding.java
 org.openbot.databinding.ActivityCameraBinding
org/openbot/original/DefaultActivity.java
 org.openbot.original.DefaultActivity
 org.openbot.original.DefaultActivity$1
org/openbot/databinding/FragmentMainBinding.java
 org.openbot.databinding.FragmentMainBinding
org/openbot/env/SharedPreferencesManager.java
 org.openbot.env.SharedPreferencesManager
org/openbot/env/ControllerConfig.java
 org.openbot.env.ControllerConfig
 org.openbot.env.ControllerConfig$VIDEO_SERVER_TYPE
org/openbot/env/NearbyConnection.java
 org.openbot.env.NearbyConnection
 org.openbot.env.NearbyConnection$1
 org.openbot.env.NearbyConnection$2
 org.openbot.env.NearbyConnection$3
 org.openbot.env.NearbyConnection$CancelableDiscovery
 org.openbot.env.NearbyConnection$CancelableDiscovery$StopDiscoveryTask
org/openbot/utils/FormatUtils.java
 org.openbot.utils.FormatUtils
org/openbot/tflite/DetectorQuantizedMobileNet.java
 org.openbot.tflite.DetectorQuantizedMobileNet
org/openbot/env/ILocalConnection.java
 org.openbot.env.ILocalConnection
org/openbot/modelManagement/EditModelDialogFragment.java
 org.openbot.modelManagement.EditModelDialogFragment
 org.openbot.modelManagement.EditModelDialogFragment$1
org/openbot/env/Size.java
 org.openbot.env.Size
org/openbot/main/MainActivity.java
 org.openbot.main.MainActivity
 org.openbot.main.MainActivity$1
org/openbot/databinding/ItemSubCategoryBinding.java
 org.openbot.databinding.ItemSubCategoryBinding
org/openbot/databinding/DialogEditModelBinding.java
 org.openbot.databinding.DialogEditModelBinding
org/openbot/env/ConnectionMonitor.java
 org.openbot.env.ConnectionMonitor
 org.openbot.env.ConnectionMonitor$WifiReceiver
org/openbot/BuildConfig.java
 org.openbot.BuildConfig
org/openbot/tflite/Model.java
 org.openbot.tflite.Model
 org.openbot.tflite.Model$CLASS
 org.openbot.tflite.Model$PATH_TYPE
 org.openbot.tflite.Model$TYPE
org/openbot/databinding/ControlButtonsBinding.java
 org.openbot.databinding.ControlButtonsBinding
org/openbot/databinding/ItemSensorBinding.java
 org.openbot.databinding.ItemSensorBinding
org/openbot/env/ImageUtils.java
 org.openbot.env.ImageUtils
org/openbot/customview/AutoFitSurfaceView.java
 org.openbot.customview.AutoFitSurfaceView
org/openbot/databinding/FragmentAutopilotBinding.java
 org.openbot.databinding.FragmentAutopilotBinding
org/openbot/databinding/ItemModelRadioBinding.java
 org.openbot.databinding.ItemModelRadioBinding
org/openbot/customview/AutoFitSurfaceGlView.java
 org.openbot.customview.AutoFitSurfaceGlView
org/openbot/env/IDataReceived.java
 org.openbot.env.IDataReceived
org/openbot/logging/SensorListAdapter.java
 org.openbot.logging.SensorListAdapter
 org.openbot.logging.SensorListAdapter$ViewHolder
org/openbot/modelManagement/BackHandlingFilePickerActivity.java
 org.openbot.modelManagement.BackHandlingFilePickerActivity
org/openbot/env/WebRtcServer.java
 org.openbot.env.WebRtcServer
 org.openbot.env.WebRtcServer$1
 org.openbot.env.WebRtcServer$2
 org.openbot.env.WebRtcServer$3
 org.openbot.env.WebRtcServer$SignalingHandler
org/openbot/vehicle/Indicator.java
 org.openbot.vehicle.Indicator
org/openbot/databinding/CameraConnectionFragmentBinding.java
 org.openbot.databinding.CameraConnectionFragmentBinding
org/openbot/main/MainViewModel.java
 org.openbot.main.MainViewModel
org/openbot/model/Category.java
 org.openbot.model.Category
org/openbot/utils/ConnectionUtils.java
 org.openbot.utils.ConnectionUtils
org/openbot/databinding/FragmentControllerMappingBinding.java
 org.openbot.databinding.FragmentControllerMappingBinding
org/openbot/objectNav/ObjectNavFragment.java
 org.openbot.objectNav.ObjectNavFragment
 org.openbot.objectNav.ObjectNavFragment$1
 org.openbot.objectNav.ObjectNavFragment$2
 org.openbot.objectNav.ObjectNavFragment$3
org/openbot/utils/AndGate.java
 org.openbot.utils.AndGate
 org.openbot.utils.AndGate$Action
 org.openbot.utils.AndGate$Condition
org/openbot/common/FeatureList.java
 org.openbot.common.FeatureList
org/openbot/env/IVideoServer.java
 org.openbot.env.IVideoServer
org/openbot/controller/ControllerMappingFragment.java
 org.openbot.controller.ControllerMappingFragment
org/openbot/env/BorderedText.java
 org.openbot.env.BorderedText
org/openbot/model/SubCategory.java
 org.openbot.model.SubCategory
org/openbot/main/SubCategoryAdapter.java
 org.openbot.main.SubCategoryAdapter
 org.openbot.main.SubCategoryAdapter$ViewHolder
org/openbot/tflite/DetectorFloatYoloV4.java
 org.openbot.tflite.DetectorFloatYoloV4
org/openbot/databinding/CameraConnectionFragmentTrackingBinding.java
 org.openbot.databinding.CameraConnectionFragmentTrackingBinding
org/openbot/customview/AutoFitTextureView.java
 org.openbot.customview.AutoFitTextureView
org/openbot/env/RtspServer.java
 org.openbot.env.RtspServer
org/openbot/modelManagement/BackHandlingFilePickerFragment.java
 org.openbot.modelManagement.BackHandlingFilePickerFragment
org/openbot/logging/SensorService.java
 org.openbot.logging.SensorService
 org.openbot.logging.SensorService$1
 org.openbot.logging.SensorService$SensorMessageHandler
org/openbot/main/SettingsFragment.java
 org.openbot.main.SettingsFragment
org/openbot/env/NetworkServiceConnection.java
 org.openbot.env.NetworkServiceConnection
 org.openbot.env.NetworkServiceConnection$1
 org.openbot.env.NetworkServiceConnection$2
 org.openbot.env.NetworkServiceConnection$2$1
 org.openbot.env.NetworkServiceConnection$3
 org.openbot.env.NetworkServiceConnection$4
 org.openbot.env.NetworkServiceConnection$SocketHandler
 org.openbot.env.NetworkServiceConnection$SocketHandler$ClientInfo
org/openbot/tflite/Detector.java
 org.openbot.tflite.Detector
 org.openbot.tflite.Detector$1
 org.openbot.tflite.Detector$2
 org.openbot.tflite.Detector$Recognition
org/openbot/utils/Enums.java
 org.openbot.utils.Enums
 org.openbot.utils.Enums$1
 org.openbot.utils.Enums$ControlMode
 org.openbot.utils.Enums$Direction
 org.openbot.utils.Enums$DriveMode
 org.openbot.utils.Enums$LogMode
 org.openbot.utils.Enums$Preview
 org.openbot.utils.Enums$SensorType
 org.openbot.utils.Enums$SpeedMode
 org.openbot.utils.Enums$VehicleIndicator
org/openbot/vehicle/Control.java
 org.openbot.vehicle.Control
org/openbot/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 org.openbot.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
org/openbot/databinding/DialogSensorsBinding.java
 org.openbot.databinding.DialogSensorsBinding
org/openbot/modelManagement/ModelManagementFragment.java
 org.openbot.modelManagement.ModelManagementFragment
 org.openbot.modelManagement.ModelManagementFragment$1
 org.openbot.modelManagement.ModelManagementFragment$2
org/openbot/original/CameraConnectionFragment.java
 org.openbot.original.CameraConnectionFragment
 org.openbot.original.CameraConnectionFragment$1
 org.openbot.original.CameraConnectionFragment$2
 org.openbot.original.CameraConnectionFragment$3
 org.openbot.original.CameraConnectionFragment$4
 org.openbot.original.CameraConnectionFragment$5
 org.openbot.original.CameraConnectionFragment$ConnectionCallback
 org.openbot.original.CameraConnectionFragment$ErrorDialog
 org.openbot.original.CameraConnectionFragment$ErrorDialog$1
org/openbot/customview/RecognitionScoreView.java
 org.openbot.customview.RecognitionScoreView
org/openbot/common/ControlsFragment.java
 org.openbot.common.ControlsFragment
 org.openbot.common.ControlsFragment$1
 org.openbot.common.ControlsFragment$2
org/openbot/modelManagement/ModelAdapter.java
 org.openbot.modelManagement.ModelAdapter
 org.openbot.modelManagement.ModelAdapter$OnItemClickListener
 org.openbot.modelManagement.ModelAdapter$ViewHolder
org/openbot/databinding/ItemCategoryBinding.java
 org.openbot.databinding.ItemCategoryBinding
org/openbot/utils/Constants.java
 org.openbot.utils.Constants
org/openbot/logging/SensorsDialog.java
 org.openbot.logging.SensorsDialog
 org.openbot.logging.SensorsDialog$1
org/openbot/env/SensorReading.java
 org.openbot.env.SensorReading
org/openbot/autopilot/AutopilotFragment.java
 org.openbot.autopilot.AutopilotFragment
 org.openbot.autopilot.AutopilotFragment$1
 org.openbot.autopilot.AutopilotFragment$2
org/openbot/customview/OverlayView.java
 org.openbot.customview.OverlayView
 org.openbot.customview.OverlayView$DrawCallback
org/openbot/main/OnItemClickListener.java
 org.openbot.main.OnItemClickListener
org/openbot/databinding/SpinnerItemBinding.java
 org.openbot.databinding.SpinnerItemBinding
org/openbot/databinding/ItemModelBinding.java
 org.openbot.databinding.ItemModelBinding
org/openbot/main/MainFragment.java
 org.openbot.main.MainFragment
org/openbot/OpenBotApplication.java
 org.openbot.OpenBotApplication
 org.openbot.OpenBotApplication$1
org/openbot/server/ServerCommunication.java
 org.openbot.server.ServerCommunication
 org.openbot.server.ServerCommunication$1
 org.openbot.server.ServerCommunication$2
 org.openbot.server.ServerCommunication$3
 org.openbot.server.ServerCommunication$3$1
 org.openbot.server.ServerCommunication$4
 org.openbot.server.ServerCommunication$UploadResponseHandler
org/openbot/databinding/FragmentModelManagementBinding.java
 org.openbot.databinding.FragmentModelManagementBinding
org/openbot/tflite/Autopilot.java
 org.openbot.tflite.Autopilot
org/openbot/vehicle/Vehicle.java
 org.openbot.vehicle.Vehicle
 org.openbot.vehicle.Vehicle$1
 org.openbot.vehicle.Vehicle$HeartBeatTask
 org.openbot.vehicle.Vehicle$NoiseTask
org/openbot/env/SimpleSdpObserver.java
 org.openbot.env.SimpleSdpObserver
org/openbot/customview/ResultsView.java
 org.openbot.customview.ResultsView
org/openbot/databinding/FragmentObjectNavBinding.java
 org.openbot.databinding.FragmentObjectNavBinding
org/openbot/env/ControllerToBotEventBus.java
 org.openbot.env.ControllerToBotEventBus
org/openbot/env/ConnectionSelector.java
 org.openbot.env.ConnectionSelector
org/openbot/databinding/FragmentLoggerBinding.java
 org.openbot.databinding.FragmentLoggerBinding
org/openbot/utils/MarginItemDecoration.java
 org.openbot.utils.MarginItemDecoration
org/openbot/vehicle/UsbConnection.java
 org.openbot.vehicle.UsbConnection
 org.openbot.vehicle.UsbConnection$1
org/openbot/original/CameraActivity.java
 org.openbot.original.CameraActivity
 org.openbot.original.CameraActivity$1
 org.openbot.original.CameraActivity$2
 org.openbot.original.CameraActivity$3
 org.openbot.original.CameraActivity$4
 org.openbot.original.CameraActivity$5
 org.openbot.original.CameraActivity$6
 org.openbot.original.CameraActivity$7
 org.openbot.original.CameraActivity$8
 org.openbot.original.CameraActivity$9
 org.openbot.original.CameraActivity$ControllerHandler
org/openbot/original/LegacyCameraConnectionFragment.java
 org.openbot.original.LegacyCameraConnectionFragment
 org.openbot.original.LegacyCameraConnectionFragment$1
org/openbot/databinding/FragmentCameraBinding.java
 org.openbot.databinding.FragmentCameraBinding
org/openbot/env/BotToControllerEventBus.java
 org.openbot.env.BotToControllerEventBus
org/openbot/utils/DelayedRunner.java
 org.openbot.utils.DelayedRunner
org/openbot/utils/PostProcessingEnabler.java
 org.openbot.utils.PostProcessingEnabler
 org.openbot.utils.PostProcessingEnabler$1
 org.openbot.utils.PostProcessingEnabler$PostProcessable
